Why we put the name of the package is the "Main" cause it us the special name that tells the programe that it is the entry point of 
the program. And tells where execution starts.

For running the programme in the Command line like in the developers end in the console there is command "GO Run project.Go"
These is use to run the progeram at the developer end or to the people also that have already installed GO on there systems but for production ready app we need to follow the following things:

Go Build:- 
It is the command to create an executable file at the end of the programme that will help to the user that run the go project without installing the GO on there systems.

What is module: 
1 module have multiple packages.
A module is Simply a Go project.



For Initializing the module to the go project we have a command:
Go mod init (with it's name / Path where it can found)
"Go mod init example.com/first-app"

Now the module is created called go.mod
and after that we entered the command "Go build".
Then it create an executable file called "first-app.exe" that helps to run our programme without installing the go in our system or users system.

Now in the developer side we can run our app directly by "go run ."


If we change the package name from main to other then "Go build" and "Go mod init" doesn't work cause they don't know where is the insertion point of the programme is.


For Converting float ino int we use float64(int variable).

Go Doesn't allow us to mix the data types like we could not add integer and float.For that we need to type conversion of int to float.

We can do the type conversion at the time of declaration of the variable like:
var initialValue float64 = 1000 // Using these type of this var becomes float.


We can declare and assign the value of the variable by the following syntax also:
initalValue := 1000; 
but it does not allowed explicityly type conversion like above. we can only use this type of declaration when we are ready to accept the data that go defines.

For using/writing the String in the multiple line in GO we have to enclose that string within `` backsticks not in double quotes.

For creating the user define function we can use "func" keyword along with the function name with paranthesis that is used for take the input parameters from the user.

ex:- func outPut(text string, value int){}	

In the Go If we declare the variable inside the function then it'll be scope level it is only accessibl in the same function only for making it global we need to write that variable outside of the method. after import.

We can only write constant and variables putside of the method not buildin methods like fmt.print()


:= Create and assign the value to the variable.
= Just assign the value to the variable.